>> Brian: All right.
So, now, we have Babel set up to run, or
we have configure,
now we have to include it to learn.
So, what we're gonna do is go back
to you command line and say, webpack --
module- bind = 'js=babel'.
Then the same thing we had
before js/ClientApp.js and
public/bundle.js.
To dissect this the module buying
the part that we add is just saying,hey,
anytime you come across a .js file.
Just go ahead and run that through Babel.
>> Brian: And Babel specifically is
running what's called the Babel Loader.
And I kind of alluded to this earlier, but
what I'm getting at is there's a concept
of what's called a loader in Webpack.
And that's just saying,
it's kind of a plug-in to say.
Like, hey, here's a middle transform
I want you to run this through.
It's just kind of like
an additional functionality.
So, that's how you get that in there.
They're called loaders.
Okay, so, now,
we should be able to run this.
It's going to take much
longer than it did before.
Because now everything
is getting transformed.
And that is not a slow process.
>> Brian: Okay?
>> Brian: So, now,
everything is being run through Babel.
And now, we can start using ES6.
We can start using JSX.
All these things are available to us.
Now, you could just go ahead and drop this
Webpack command into your MPM scripts.
But what's actually and
better for us to do.
Because we're going to start adding more,
and more options to this Webpack build.
We're just going to make a config file.
And that's a million
times easier to maintain.
>> [COUGH]
>> Brian: Bless you.
>> Brian: So, go create a new
file called webpack.config.js,
we're gonna put that in the root directory
of your particular project, and save that.
>> Brian: And what we're gonna do here
is we're going to make our config.
So, const path equals required path.
Path is just a,
it's a node module that kind of helps
you resolve paths, so you don't have
to do it by hand, it's just a really
useful thing that comes with node.
If you have any more questions about it,
you can just check out
the node docs on it.
Okay, and then we're gonna say,
a module.exports equals an object.
So, the reason why we're not doing,
we're doing common JS here, and
not import export ES6 modules,
is this is only going to be run in node.
And we could technically run this through
Babble, but it's like, five more steps to
avoid writing import and, or avoid
writing require, and module that export.
So, I just side step it, and
I just write it in the default note way.
>> Brian: Okay, so,
module.exports equals this object,
I'm gonna say, context:__dorname.
This is just letting Webpack know,
whenever I run this command from
anywhere inside of this project,
go back to the root directory.
Cuz this __dirname, it's a node thing,
it's just basically saying this
is where the project is from.
Entry.
You have to tell it where to enter your
project, and it's gonna be in
./js /ClientApp.js, right?
That's the entry point to our app.
>> Brian: Devtool.
There's several different kind
of devtools you can put in here.
This is a debugging tool to
help you Instead of seeing line
50,000 of bundled up JS we want, right?
We want to see that this is actually
a problem in my titled JS on line ten.
So, source maps, right?
So, if you want to put full source
maps here you can say, source-map.
That's fine too.
That takes a little bit longer to build.
I'm very impatient.
So, I put eval here,
which is a faster dirtier way of doing it.
So, up to you whatever you wanna do.
Output.
You have to tell it where
to put to your output.
So, the path of where we
want it to put is path.join.
__dirname, /public.
>> Brian: This makes sense, right?
This is where you want
the bundle dot JS to go, and
you call is bundle.js
>> Brian: But
you could put whatever
here if you wanted to.
>> Brian: Resolve.
>> Brian: Extensions.
>> Brian: And do .js and .json.
>> Brian: So, if I say require
this file with no extension,
this is the progression of file names it's
going to go through before it gives up.
So, if I say, just for example,
import Blah from ./
Blah with no extension.
It's first going to check if there's
literally a file called .Blah with
no extension.
Then it's going to check is there a .js,
you know, blah.js, no, okay.
Is there a blah.json, yes,
then it includes that, right?
So, this is the progression that it's
gonna go through before it gives up.
So, if I have three files .blah,
.js, .blah.json.
One, name your files better.
But two its gonna include
the one with no file extension.
>> Travis: I have a question.
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Travis: I'm Travis.
Do you recommend dev tools for
production build?
>> Brian: No, no,
you should not ship those,
because they're way bigger
than they need to be.
They usually end up being way
bigger than the files, right?
So, yeah,
definitely don't do that in production.
Good question.
>> Brian: Stats, this is just what kind of
stuff do you want webpack to report on.
Colors, hell, yeah, [LAUGH],
cuz I like colors, reasons.
This is gonna tell you if
stuff fails why it failed.
Very useful to know, chunks.
We're gonna be doing chunking tomorrow,
but
you want it to report on all
the different chunk data as well.
Okay, and then lastly, module.
This is actually one of
the most important things.
This is basically all of the transforms
that you want Webpack to apply,
and it's done by a series of rules.
And I think, that kinda make sense, right?
I says like, okay, if it passes this
rule then apply this transformation,
that's the process here.
>> Brian: Okay, so, and
it's just a series of objects, and
we're just gonna include one right now.
So, the first thing is you need
to give it some sort of test, or
some way for it to tell if a file
is going to be included, or not.
This can be a function.
If you need to be that granular about,
which files are included and,
which are not.
I'm just gonna say, test, and
then you can give it a regX.
I'm no means a regX master,
but I can write that.
Which basically says, if it ends in js
then run it through whatever this is.
>> Speaker 3: Dinarte is asking do you
recommend the new Webpack in new projects?
>> Brian: I think, it's safe to
include even with the beta version.
I mean, the guy that writes the project.
Well, of many, the Larkin on Twitter,
I can't remember what his name is either.
He said it's not changing.
They're just trying to finish up the doc.
So, I think Webpack 2 is ready to go.
>> Brian: But you know what?
Tweet at him, ask him.
[LAUGH] He knows better than I do.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Brian: Okay, so.
If it passes the test, then I want you to
run it through this particular loader,
which is babel-loader.
That makes sense, right?
If it passes this test,
then run it through babel loader.
Which is an npn module that we installed,
right?,
we installed babel loader
when we said yarn.
Do you have a question?
>> Travis: Is Webpack meant
to replace grunt and gulp, or
does it serve different purpose?
>> Brian: It does serve
a slightly different purpose.
So, grunt and gulp are what you would
call a task runner, and basically
you set up all these different tasks,
and you just say grunt run built, right?
And then grunt's gonna pull in browser fi,
it's gonna pull in web pack and
run it through the build, right?
So, Webpack, browser five, roll up,
these are bill tools that are actually
going to, or I guess, transpilot no.
What do you want, I guess I will call
it a bill tool or module bundler.
Bundler, that's actually
what I want to call it.
That make sense?
>> [LAUGH] [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 3: So,
what would be comparable to Grunt, or
Gold Pier would be the MPM scripts part.
Where we set up those tasks
in MPM scripts that get run,
that's what would be more analogous
to what Gulp and Grunt fulfill.
>> Brian: Okay, so, let's go run this,
and then once I make sure it works,
then I'll push up the new branch.
So, before I had to do Webpack blah,
blah, blah, blah.
But now, I have this config file,
which will find it automatically.
So, I can just run Webpack and
it should just work.
>> Brian: Cool, so, now,
we get this bundle file.
We can go check again to make
sure that it still works.
Everything still works, so let me just
go ahead and push up this git add.
Git checkout
-b v2-3.
Git commit -m "3" git push.
>> Brian: I think, I have 68.
>> Brian: Okay, so, now,
v2-3 is available for
those of you that wanted to
get that new build config.
Any questions?
Webpack is a complicated beast, and it's
usually like, again, a pretty big point
of annoyance for developers approaching
react, or anything in modern JavaScript.
It is complicated, right?
So, like if you feel
like it's complicated,
you are correct in your assertion.
But it is a really cool tool.
With a bit of prodding,
and massaging you can do really
cool stuff for your codes so.
My God-
>> Travis: I'm a fan.